OTL-2195: Fluentd disabled by default for installer scripts (#804)
splunk/public-o11y-docs: gdi/opentelemetry/install-windows.rst

Installer script
==========================

> The installer script is available for Windows 64-bit environments, and deploys and configures the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector for Windows and Fluentd (using the td-agent, disabled by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installer script is available for Windows 64-bit environments, and deploys and configures the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector for Windows and Fluentd through the td-agent, which is deactivated by default.
```

Configure fluentd for log collection
-------------------------------------------

If you have a Log Observer entitlement or wish to collect logs for the target host with Fluentd, use the ``with_fluentd = 1`` option to also install Fluentd when installing the Collector. For example:

.. code-block:: PowerShell

  & {Set-ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Scope Process -Force; $script = ((New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://dl.signalfx.com/splunk-otel-collector.ps1')); $params = @{access_token = "SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN"; realm = "SPLUNK_REALM"; with_fluentd = 1}; Invoke-Command -ScriptBlock ([scriptblock]::Create(". {$script} $(&{$args} @params)"))}

> When enabled, the Fluentd service is configured by default to collect and forward log events with the ``@SPLUNK`` label to the Collector, which then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When activated, the Fluentd service is configured by default to collect and forward log events with the ``@SPLUNK`` label to the Collector, which then
```

Author: Should we use `activated`/`deactivated`, or `turned on`/`turned off` as you suggested in the linux doc?
